https://codepen.io/salvare736/pen/GRjYObX

    1. What is Semantic HTML? Semantic HTML is the usage of elements that describe their own meaning; this is useful to search engines for the purposes of search optimization.
    2. What is HTML used for? HTML is used to create the "bones" of what appears on a webpage; it's the foundation/framework of the webpage.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? An attribute is paired with the element to specify a bit of relevant information; it's placed after the element, usually after an '=' sign.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? The h1 tag is used to denote the most important title on the page (also for search engine optimization); it must only be used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes. The 'img' tag and the 'a' tag have required attributes ('src' and 'href', respectively).
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? The '!DOCTYPE html' tag goes at the head of the HTML document.
    7. What is an id? An 'id' is similar to a 'class', but it is specific to one item of interest.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 'id' can be assigned to 'h', 'p', and 'div' elements, to name a few.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? The same 'id' should not be used more than once per page.
    10. What is a class? A 'class' is an assigned group of similar content.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 'class' can be assigned to 'h', 'p', and 'div' elements, to name a few.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? The same 'class' can be used as many times as needed on a page.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? The 'target="_blank"' attribute of an anchor will accomplish this.
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? The 'alt' attribute provides alternative text to be displayed (good for search engine optimization).
    15. How do I reference an id? By using the appropriate '#' CSS selector.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? A 'section' is semantic in that relates to the type of content that's being grouped, whereas a 'div' can be applied in a more generic way that is free of the meaning of the content.
    17. What is CSS used for? CSS is used for styling the webpage (by applying it to existing HTML).
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page. You would use the 'h2 {}' selector, for example.
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one. A 'class' is used to apply CSS styling on a broader scale, whereas an 'id' is used to apply CSS styling on a more specific basis; for example, I may use the same 'class' to represent different parts of several paragraphs of text, but I would use a specific 'id' to represent (and style) one word of interest from said paragraph.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? You use the appropriate '.' selector.
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human”? You would use the '.human p {}' selector.
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? A parent child selector is a conditional selector that targets certain information (child) within a broader category (parent); this is useful when you need to target the specific information that is nested in one section, while ignoring other sections.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? You'd use the '.sidebar div a {}' selector.
    24. What is a pseudo selector? Those are the selectors with a ':' in them.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? The 'line-height' CSS property.
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? The 'letter-spacing' CSS property.
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? The 'text-transform' CSS property.
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? You'd use the 'div {border: 1px dotted black;} CSS selector and property.
    29. How do I select everything on the page? You use the '*' CSS selector.
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? You use '/*' to open the comment, and '*/' to close the comment.
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? You look at the current line you're on, as it will specify the file path for you.
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? Use the 'ls' command.
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? Use the 'rm' command; it is dangerous because it doesn't ask for confirmation, and it bypasses the recycle bin.
    34. Why should I use version control? Version control allows you to track and utilize all versions of your project without losing access to any information in prior updates.
    35. How often should I commit to github? You should commit relatively frequently so you can be sure you won't lose any important information.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? The command is 'git push -u origin branch-name' (the 'branch-name' being the name you selected for your branch at the start).
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. First you fork the repo to your own personal account on github, then you clone said repo onto your computer by using Git Bash (the command is 'git clone <link-to-repo>'). After that, you create your own branch using the 'git checkout -b "firstname-lastname"' command. Then you make sure you're in the proper directory ('cd' command as needed) so you can use the 'code .' command to bring up VS Code and work on your project. Once you're ready, you save your work in VS Code, then use the 'git add .' command in Git Bash, followed by the 'git commit -m "Helpful comment"' command and then the 'git push -u origin branch-name' command to finally upload the updated version of the project you've been working on to GitHub. Finally, you submit a pull request via GitHub (while making sure that you have the proper repo options selected). You can then use the link to your pull request to submit an assignment through Canvas.